gnillion airdrop claim enjoyers - some updates

"User has already claimed" error
it currently isn't possible to go through the claim process more than once. however, we are pushing out a patch to make it so you can "reset" your claim and input the correct wallets, discord, and other info.

PATCH

"Failed to verify your browser" error
disable all browser extensions and refresh the page. if that doesn't resolve the issue then please make a ⁠support-ticket.

Do I connect my Keplr or validator wallet?
use your Keplr wallet, not the one generated by your node.

What EVM wallet should I connect?
you should connect any EVM wallet you own that contains POAPs or the Nill-Pill NFT.

Why am I not eligible?
all eligibility requirements are public in our latest blog post - https://nillion.com/news/1635/

What Discord roles are counted in eligibility?
OG, Nill-Pilled, Blind Warrior, Volunteer, and Marshall

Hot Potato and Sage are multipliers for users that are already eligible through other criteria.

I have the Nill-Pill NFT, why don't I have the Nill-Pilled role?
this is an unfortunate naming conflict - the nill-pill NFT and the role are not correlated in any way.

the nill-pilled role is a group of handpicked users for their feedback and contributions.

I had a role but lost it somehow, can anything be done?
we are handling these on a case-by-case basis.

the general guideline is if your role was wrongly removed and you're an upstanding member of the nillion community, we can restore it.

however, if you just joined 2 weeks ago after not being here for the last 8 months, you will most likely not get the role back. this is not fair to people that have shown up every day.

When will we know exact allocations?
the day of the airdrop, the airdrop is still planned to happen in Q1.

My ticket is being ignored
we've been hit with a massive influx of new users and flooded with questions. we will get to you as soon as we can!

once again, claims are open until february 3rd. you have plenty of time!

thank you everyone for your patience, and we're so excited to bring you with us on the Nillion journey.

